Update the  component of the agent API with parameters. (#4131)
infiniflow/ragflow: docs/references/python_api_reference.md

#### Parameters

##### question: `str`

> The question to start an AI-powered conversation. If `begin` component has parameters, question is not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The question to start an AI-powered conversation. If the `begin` component takes parameters, a question is not required.
```
